do not sigh in the castle's hours we
silently brood but Dad I want a rule San
Francisco and the x-men won't want me
then we'll just have to turn the x-men
to our side how it's quite simple we
said the XP live invitation when we get
the gas to live that all knowing y'all
is yo is spooky around his house yeah
don't worry Keesha
I'm the best there is at what I do be do
be go back blame the x-men aren't gonna
fall for that old timey junk they need
to be enticed with a little irresistible
vampire charm
hey I've seen you around yeah but you
best stay away for mine is a dangerous
tortured existence now okay no my world
is not for you what with its perils and
blood free dad oh I'm sorry
all that more people is dialogue and the
full new dramatic tension put me right
to sleep where vampires ever cool if you
want to bite the x-men's faces off first
you got to rock their faces up
bogus
Morrow your universe